It introduced the termchain of blocks. No oneknows the actual identity ofSatoshi Nakamoto. After introducing Bitcoin in 2009, he remained active inthe Bitcoin developer community until 2011. He then handed over Bitcoindevelopment to its core developers and simply disappeared. Since then,there has been no communication from him whatsoever, and his existenceand identity are shrouded in mystery. The term "chain of blocks" evolvedover the years into the word "blockcha
blockchain
It introduced the termchain of blocks. No oneknows the actual identity ofSatoshi Nakamoto. After introducing Bitcoin in 2009, he remained active inthe Bitcoin developer community until 2011. He then handed over Bitcoindevelopment to its core developers and simply disappeared. Since then,there has been no communication from him whatsoever, and his existenceand identity are shrouded in mystery. The term "chain of blocks" evolvedover the years into the word "blockchain
It introduced the termchain of blocks. No oneknows the actual identity ofSatoshi Nakamoto. After introducing Bitcoin in 2009, he remained active inthe Bitcoin developer community until 2011. He then handed over Bitcoindevelopment to its core developers and simply disappeared. Since then,there has been no communication from him whatsoever, and his existenceand identity are shrouded in mystery. The term "chain of blocks" evolvedover the years into the word "blockchain.
It introduced the termchain of blocks. No oneknows the actual identity ofSatoshi Nakamoto. After introducing Bitcoin in 2009, he remained active inthe Bitcoin developer community until 2011. He then handed over Bitcoindevelopment to its core developers and simply disappeared. Since then,there has been no communication from him whatsoever, and his existenceand identity are shrouded in mystery. The term "chain of blocks" evolvedover the years into the word "blockchai
It introduced the termchain of blocks. No oneknows the actual identity ofSatoshi Nakamoto. After introducing Bitcoin in 2009, he remained active inthe Bitcoin developer community until 2011. He then handed over Bitcoindevelopment to its core developers and simply disappeared. Since then,there has been no communication from him whatsoever, and his existenceand identity are shrouded in mystery. The term "chain of blocks" evolvedover the years into the word "blockchain
Cryptographically secure
It introduced the termchain of blocks. No oneknows the actual identity ofSatoshi Nakamoto. After introducing Bitcoin in 2009, he remained active inthe Bitcoin developer community until 2011. He then handed over Bitcoindevelopment to its core developers and simply disappeared. Since then,there has been no communication from him whatsoever, and his existenceand identity are shrouded in mystery. The term "chain of blocks" evolvedover the years into the word "blockchain.
t introduced the termchain of blocks. No oneknows the actual identity ofSatoshi Nakamoto. After introducing Bitcoin in 2009, he remained active inthe Bitcoin developer community until 2011. He then handed over Bitcoindevelopment to its core developers and simply disappeared. Since then,there has been no communication from him whatsoever, and his existenceand identity are shrouded in mystery. The term "chain of blocks" evolvedover the years into the word "blockcha
Now, let's examine things in some more detail. We will look at thekeywords from the technical definition one by one.Peer-to-peerThe first keyword in the technical definition is peer-to-peer, or P2P Thismeans that there is no central controller in the network, and all participants(nodes) talk to each other directly. This property allows for transactions tobe conducted directly among the peers without third-party involvement,such as by a bank.Distributed ledgerDissecting the technical definition further reveals that blockchain is a"distributed ledger," which means that a ledger is spread across the networkamong all peers in the network, and each peer holds a copy of the completeledger.Cryptographically secureNext, we see that this ledger is "cryptographically secure," which meansthat cryptography has been used to provide security services that make thisledger secure against tampering and misuse. These services include non-repudiation, data inte
e
Now, let's examine things in some more detail. We will look at thekeywords from the technical definition one by one.Peer-to-peerThe first keyword in the technical definition is peer-to-peer, or P2P Thismeans that there is no central controller in the network, and all participants(nodes) talk to each other directly. This property allows for transactions tobe conducted directly among the peers without third-party involvement,such as by a bank
